if there's a suicide on the ship, that's one of the worst things that
can happen. You know, any death? Um, on the ship is bad, but suicide
in particular, is, um, if you just because likely there's something
that you could have done toe have stopped it, um, for the suicide.
You wanna make sure that training is is is going on concerning how people
should respond to that suicide. What things they should do. Um,
this could be, for instance, be safe at your job If you find that
the suicide is affecting you in particular, Um, you have to go to medical,
and you might be in the position that you have toe be placed
off the ship, make sure that the person's family is notified and that
if they have any questions, uh, they have the correct communication.
Um, be through the ombudsman, be it through other people on the ship
that knew that knew the family members. Um, yeah, yeah. Suicide
is one of those things that you have to make sure that people are well
informed and that you're very, very, um, kind to the situation.